docs: Add info about tap creation (#15652)
Homebrew/brew: docs/How-To-Open-a-Homebrew-Pull-Request.md

1. [Fork the Homebrew/homebrew-core repository on GitHub](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/fork).
   * This creates a personal remote repository that you can push to. This is needed because only Homebrew maintainers have push access to the main repositories.

> 2. Create `tap`(Third-Party repository) directory for Homebrew formulae:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download a local clone ("tap") the repository of core Homebrew formulae:
```

Author: applied

1. [Fork the Homebrew/homebrew-cask repository on GitHub](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/fork).
   * This creates a personal remote repository that you can push to. This is needed because only Homebrew maintainers have push access to the main repositories.

> 2. Create `tap`(Third-Party repository) directory for Homebrew casks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download a local clone ("tap") the repository of core Homebrew casks:
```

Author: applied
